Tilde (~) symbol: 
  - the tilde (~) symbol represents the home directory, which is typically something like C:\Users\[YourUsername]. 
    So when you type cd ~, no matter where you are in the file system, this command will take you directly back to your home directory.

Tab completion:
  - Tab completion is a feature in PowerShell that helps to autocomplete file names and directories. When you start typing a path or 
    filename, pressing the Tab key will automatically complete the name based on what's available in the current directory. 
    If there are multiple files or folders that start with the same letters you've typed, continuing to press Tab will cycle through 
    all the available options. This feature saves time and reduces errors in typing long file paths or names.

Ctrl-R:
  - This is a keyboard shortcut used for searching through your command history. When you press Ctrl-R, it activates a reverse search mode 
    where you can type a part of a command, and PowerShell will display matching commands from your history. This feature allows you to 
    quickly find and reuse previously executed commands without having to retype them, making it a convenient tool for recalling complex 
    commands or sequences you've used before.

cp *.jpg {path}: 
  - The command cp *.jpg {path} in PowerShell is used to copy all JPEG files from the current directory to a specified path. 
    The *.jpg part uses a wildcard pattern (*) that matches any file name ending with .jpg, allowing you to copy all JPEG files 
    in one command. The {path} should be replaced with the destination where you want these files to be copied.

Wildcard: 
  - This is a character used to replace or represent one or more characters in a string. The most common wildcards are the asterisk (*) 
    and the question mark (?). The asterisk matches any number of characters (including zero), while the question mark matches exactly one 
    character. Wildcards are extremely useful in file manipulation commands for matching groups of files.